I’m sorry I hurt your feelings when I called you stupid I really thought you already knew
I’m not insulting you I’m describing you
It’s ok if you disagree with me I can’t force you to be right
I’m actually not funny. I’m just mean and people think I’m joking.
If you don’t want a sarcastic answer, don’t ask a stupid question.
I’m busy right now, can I ignore you some other time?
I was wondering how you comb your hair so the horns don’t show.
I love rumors. I always find out amazing things about myself I never knew.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
Some people just need a high five. In the face. With a chair.
If you don’t like me, take a map, get a car, drive to hell. Have a nice trip
Oh, my bad. I’m sorry for bothering you. I forgot I only exist when you need me for something.
If I wanted to kill myself I would climb your ego and jump to your IQ
I’m sorry I offended you with my common sense.
Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t know you had the authority to judge me. Who are you? God?
Ignore me, I don’t care I’m used to it anyways, I’m invisible.
I love that super cute thing you do where you don’t text me back for hours, adorable.
I’m sorry if you don’t like my honesty, but to be fair, I don’t like your lies
I’m sorry you were offended when I called you a hoe. I didn’t know it was a secret.
If lying was a job, I know some people who would be billionaires.
I may be drunk, miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
Oh I didn’t realize you’re an expert in my life and how I should live it. Please continue while I take notes.
I am just so talented. I can listen to music and ignore you at the same time.
Excuse me miss, you’ve got a bit of face on your make up.
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
The last thing I want to do is hurt you… But it’s still on the list.
You must have been born on a highway because that’s where most accidents happen.
If common sense is common why are you without it?
Zombies eat brains, don’t worry, you’re safe.
Keep rolling your eyes, maybe you’ll find a brain back there.
You sound better with your mouth closed.
I’d slap you but that would be animal abuse.
Without stupid people like you, we would have no one to laugh at. Thank you for your contribution to society.
I’m not saying I hate you, but I’d unplug your life support to charge my phone.
I would love to insult you, but I’m afraid I won’t do as well as your own genetics.
Somewhere out there is a tree working hard to replace the oxygen you wasted, now go apologize to it.
You are like the first piece of bread, everybody touches you but no one wants you.
You should eat some make up, at least you’ll be pretty on the inside.
When your parents dropped you off at pre school, they were arrested for littering
If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and you, I would shoot you twice.
You have a face only a mother could love. I bet she tells you you’re special too.
Stupidity is not a crime, if it is, you’ll end up in jail.

